# Pargram basic tests in English, from http://clarino.uib.no/iness/treebanks?session-id=241479270868082

The driver starts the tractor.
The tractor is red.
What did the farmer see?
Did the farmer sell his tractor?
Push the button.
Don't push the button.
The farmer gave his neighbor an old tractor.
The farmer cut the tree down.
The farmer groaned.
My neighbor was given an old tractor by the farmer.
The tree was cut down yesterday.
The tree had been cut down.
The tractor starts with a shudder.
The tractor appeared.
The boy knows the tractor is red.
The child thinks he started the tractor.
The farmer knows who started the tractor.
The child wondered whether the button had been pushed.
The tractor that the farmer bought is red.
The man who bought the tractor left.
The store the farmer bought the tractor from closed.
Whoever bought this tractor is a lucky person.
The farmer made his son clean the tractor.
The farmer made his son leave.
The farmer made her son buy the tractor.
The farmer let her son buy the tractor.
The farmer bought his son a tractor.
The woman bought the tractor for her husband.
The lovers danced until dawn.
The boy bathed in the river.
The teacher read to himself aloud.
The brothers bought the tractor for each other.
My sister is a great teacher.
The child is in the house.
The children are happy.
It is raining.
There is a problem with the tractor.
The book cover depicted a tractor.
Let's get ice-cream.
The boy swept up the broken wine bottle.
The red wine bottle broke.
There are great green globs of greasy grimy gopher guts.
They are proud of their daughter.
My tractor is faster than your sports car.
My tractor is the fastest vehicle in the county.
The barking dog woke the neighbours.
The tea drinking woman admired her new purchase from eBay.
The farmer wants to buy a tractor.
The farmer's daughter promised to repair the tractor.
The farmer persuaded his wife to buy a new tractor.
The house is not big.
The cat is not in the house.
The houses are not big.
The cats are not in the house.
The cat is not in the house either.
Nor is the cat in the house.
Neither is the cat in the house.
The girl did not buy the apple.
The girl did not buy apples.
The girl did not buy any apples.
The girl did not buy anything.
The girl bought no apples.
The girl bought nothing.
The girl never bought anything.
The girl did not buy some books.
The boy does not think that the girl is tall.
The boy said that the girl is not tall.
The boy cannot watch the film.
The boy cannot not watch the film.
The woman asked the girl not to open the door for strangers.
The woman saw the boy not eating the fish.
Not being hungry, the man did not cook fish.
It is not the dog that the girl saw.
It is not the dog that the girl did not see.
Do not eat the fish.
Do not eat anything.
The dog has a bone.
The farmer owns a cow.
The cat has dark fur.
That tractor has a bright red color.
The tree has a big branch.
Dogs have four legs.
The farmer has a fear of spiders.
The girl has two brothers.
The girl doesn't have a father.
the dog's bone
the farmer's cow
the cat's dark fur
the bright red color of the tractor
the tree's branch
the branch of the tree
the farmer's fear of spiders
the fear of spiders of the farmer
the girl's two brothers
the two brothers of the girl
the farmer's cows' milk
the milk of the cows of the farmer
A mouse took a stroll through the deep dark wood.
A fox saw the mouse and the mouse looked good.
Where are you going to little brown mouse?
Come and have lunch in my underground house.
